Management documentation updates (#2254)
alan-turing-institute/data-safe-haven: docs/source/management/index.md

$ dsh users add PATH_TO_MY_CSV_FILE
```

> ### Listing available users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List available users
```

        - **Email:** enter the user's email address here
    - Click the **{guilabel}`Save`** icon in the top panel

## Managing SREs

> ### Listing available SRE configurations and deployment status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List available SRE configurations and deployment status
```

└──────────────┴──────────┘
```

> ### Removing a deployed Data Safe Haven

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Remove a deployed Data Safe Haven
```

- Run the following if you want to teardown a deployed SRE:

```{code} shell
$ dsh sre teardown YOUR_SRE_NAME
```

> ::::{admonition} Tearing down an SRE deletes ALL data and resources
> Running `dsh sre teardown` will remove all resources deployed within the SRE.
> Ensure that any desired outputs have been egressed before deleting the SRE.
> Any data remaining on the SRE will be deleted.
> The user groups for the SRE on Microsoft Entra ID will also be deleted.
> ::::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::::{danger} Tearing down an SRE is destructive and irreversible 
Running `dsh sre teardown` will destroy **all** resources deployed within the SRE.
Ensure that any desired outputs have been extracted before deleting the SRE.
**All** data remaining on the SRE will be deleted.
The user groups for the SRE on Microsoft Entra ID will also be deleted.
::::
```

Some suggestions for changing the wording and emphasis. (And the classic, egress is not a verb).

- Run the following if you want to teardown the deployed SHM:

```{code} shell
$ dsh shm teardown
```

> ::::{admonition} Tearing down an SHM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::::{warning} Tearing down an SHM
```

> All SREs associated with the SHM must be torn down before the SHM can be torn down.

Reviewer: Is this true? As in, if I run `dsh shm teardown` now will it stop me if there are SREs?

Author: Depends if we want to merge #2256 (if I finish it in time)

Reviewer: Let's bump that to 5.0.2

> Tearing down the SHM deletes any remotely stored SRE configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tearing down the SHM permanently deletes **all** remotely stored configuration and state data.
```

::::

## Managing data ingress and egress

### Data Ingress

> It is the data provider's responsibility to upload the data required by the safe haven.

Reviewer: I think this isn't true. Isn't this what we say the DPRs role is?

```{important}
Any data ingress must be signed off by the {ref}`role_data_provider_representative`, {ref}`role_investigator` and referee (if applicable).

> ```

Reviewer: This feels out of scope.

> The following steps show how to generate a temporary write-only upload token that can be securely sent to the data provider, enabling them to upload the data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps show how to generate a temporary, write-only upload token that can be securely sent to the {ref}`role_data_provider_representative`, enabling them to upload the data:
```

- In the Azure portal select **Subscriptions** then navigate to the subscription containing the relevant SHM

> - Search for the resource group: **`shm-<YOUR_SHM_NAME>-sre-<YOUR_SRE_NAME>-rg`**, then click through to the storage account ending with **`sensitivedata`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search for the resource group: `shm-<YOUR_SHM_NAME>-sre-<YOUR_SRE_NAME>-rg`, then click through to the storage account ending with `sensitivedata`
```

- Search for the resource group: `shm-<SHM ID>-sre-<SRE ID>-rg`, then click through to the storage account called: `sh<first three letter of SHM ID>sre<first three letters of SRE ID>sensitivedata`

> - Click `Networking` under `Settings` and ensure that the data provider's IP address is one of those allowed under the `Firewall` header, then hit the save icon in the top left

Reviewer: I don't think we use the terms `SHM ID` and `SRE ID` any more.

> - Click `Networking` under `Settings` and ensure that the data provider's IP address is one of those allowed under the `Firewall` header, then hit the save icon in the top left

Reviewer: We have been using the [`guilabel` role](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html#role-guilabel) for buttons in the documentation.

For example,

https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/data-safe-haven/blob/d2141434b496c5863ff8065537ebf56cbd78ef62/docs/source/deployment/configure_entra_id.md?plain=1#L45-L50

- From the `Overview` tab, click the link to `Data storage` and then `Containers` (in the middle of the page)
- Click `ingress`
- Click `Shared access tokens` under `Settings` and do the following:
    - Under `Signing method`, select `User delegation key`
    - Under `Permissions`, check these boxes:
        - `Write`
        - `List`
    - Set a 24 hour time window in the `Start and expiry date/time` (or an appropriate length of time)
    - Leave everything else as default and click `Generate SAS token and URL`
    - Copy the `Blob SAS URL`

      ```{image} ingress_token_write_only.png
      :alt: write-only SAS token
      :align: center
      ```

> - Send the `Blob SAS URL` to the data provider through a secure channel (for example, you could use the [Egress secure email](https://www.egress.com/) service)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send the `Blob SAS URL` to the {ref}`role_data_provider_representative` through a secure channel
```

Probably should be careful not to promote a particular service.

- The data provider should now be able to upload data

> - You can validate successful data ingress by logging into a workspace in the SRE and checking the `/mnt/input` volume, where you should be able to view the data that the data provider has uploaded

Reviewer: These are instructions for a manager? I don't think we would want them to login to the SRE.

### Data egress

```{important}
Any data egress must be signed off by the {ref}`role_data_provider_representative`, {ref}`role_investigator` and referee (if applicable).

> ```

Reviewer: Again, this feels out of scope.

Author: Egress in general?

Reviewer: The part I don't like is "must be signed off by ..." because that is imposing some set of IG processes. I don't think this documentation is the right place to enforce or suggest what that process is.

I do think it is worth having a prominent warning that outputs may be sensitive and so you need to take care.

```{important}

> Assessment of output must be completed **before** an egress link is created.

Reviewer: I think we probably can say this. It might help to say why though.

Author: Will just remove if we're not talking about classification etc

Reviewer: I think it would be good to keep. I can't imagine a functional TRE where there isn't some sort of output checking.

It's just that in these docs we need to talk about how DSH works and how to use it, not enforce a particular IG process. So I think the important point here to to highlight that outputs may be sensitive so you must take care, consider the outputs and have _some_ process.

I think talking about classification isn't possible because we either leave it undefined ("You must do classification", but what does classification mean?) or we define a classification process, which is definitely out of scope.

```

> The {ref}`role_system_manager` creates a time-limited and IP restricted link to remove data from the environment, after the outputs have been classified and approved for release.

Reviewer: Classification feels out of scope.

- In the Azure portal select **Subscriptions** then navigate to the subscription containing the relevant SHM

> - Search for the resource group: **`shm-<YOUR_SHM_NAME>-sre-<YOUR_SRE_NAME>-rg`**, then click through to the storage account called: **`sh<first three letters of SHM name>sre<first three letters of SRE name>sensitivedata`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search for the resource group: `shm-<YOUR_SHM_NAME>-sre-<YOUR_SRE_NAME>-rg`, then click through to the storage account ending with `sensitivedata`
```

- Search for the resource group: `shm-<SHM ID>-sre-<SRE ID>-rg`, then click through to the storage account called: `sh<first three letter of SHM ID>sre<first three letters of SRE ID>sensitivedata`
- Click `Networking` under `Settings` to check the list of pre-approved IP addresses allowed under the `Firewall` header

>     - Ensure that the IP address of the person to receive the outputs is listed and enter it if not

Reviewer: Do we want to encourage people to make ad-hoc changes like this, or use the CLI?

- Click `Containers` under `Data storage`
- Click `egress`
- Click `Shared access tokens` under `Settings` and do the following:
    - Under `Signing method`, select `User delegation key`
    - Under `Permissions`, check these boxes:
        - `Read`
        - `List`
    - Set a time window in the `Start and expiry date/time` that gives enough time for the person who will perform the secure egress download to do so
    - Leave everything else as default click `Generate SAS token and URL`
    - Copy the `Blob SAS URL`

      ```{image} egress_token_read_only.png
      :alt: Read-only SAS token
      :align: center
      ```

> - Send the `Blob SAS URL` to the relevant person through a secure channel (for example, you could use the [Egress secure email](https://www.egress.com/) service)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Send the `Blob SAS URL` to the relevant person through a secure channel
```

- The appropriate person should now be able to download data

### The output volume

> Once you have set up the egress connection in `Azure Storage Explorer`, you should be able to view data from the **output volume**, a read-write area intended for the extraction of results, such as figures for publication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have set up the egress connection in Azure Storage Explorer, you should be able to view data from the **output volume**, a read-write area intended for the extraction of results, such as figures for publication.
```

On the workspaces, this volume is `/mnt/output` and is shared between all workspaces in an SRE.

> For more info on shared SRE storage volumes, consult the {ref}`Safe Haven User Guide <role_researcher_shared_storage>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on shared SRE storage volumes, consult the {ref}`Safe Haven User Guide <role_researcher_shared_storage>`.
```

$ dsh shm teardown
```

::::{warning} Tearing down an SHM
All SREs associated with the SHM must be torn down before the SHM can be torn down.
Tearing down the SHM permanently deletes **all** remotely stored configuration and state data.
::::

## Managing data ingress and egress

### Data Ingress

> It is the data provider representative's responsibility to upload the data required by the safe haven.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the {ref}`role_data_provider_representative`'s responsibility to upload the data required by the safe haven.
```

The following steps show how to generate a temporary write-only upload token that can be securely sent to the data provider, enabling them to upload the data:

- In the Azure portal select **Subscriptions** then navigate to the subscription containing the relevant SHM

> - Search for the resource group: **`shm-<YOUR_SHM_NAME>-sre-<YOUR_SRE_NAME>-rg`**, then click through to the storage account called: **`sh<first three letters of SHM name>sre<first three letters of SRE name>sensitivedata`**

Reviewer: The "first three letters" thing is a bit inelegant. I'm not sure if that name is also garunteed. It might be better to just say the storage account ending with "sensitivedata"?

Author: Agreed, and oh, of course - that's much better.
